we welcome you everybody to the DARPA
Robotics Challenge the trials of 2013 on
another the DRC trials were incredibly
important because they helped us to
establish a baseline for how good robots
could be at the time and so they helped
us establish here's where we're starting
from and now the question is how far can
we go in 18 months so what we learn in
Miami is things that you just never
really seen in the lab like wind gusts
suddenly you knows 10 miles per hour
winds we've accounted for that what we
learned in the DARPA Robotics Challenge
trials was that the hardware that the
teams were bringing to the challenge was
in fact quite good but we've learned now
to do for the finals because the
hardware is taken care of is to push the
teams to develop more autonomy in their
software and so we've cut the cord we've
cut the power cord we've cut the
communications cord and we've cut the
safety cord and now what we need to do
is to say okay with all of those cords
cut how can you make the robot work semi
independently from human beings despite
the fact that communications is not so
good in between the two since the trials
we've been focusing heavily on making
our system more robust better at
localizing where the robot is improving
the ability for the robot to finally
position its ends where they need to go
to manipulate objects I think we've
learned a couple things this week
watching the team's practice the first
is that not very many of the teams have
practiced falling down yet in fact we
only saw one robot fall down the whole
time and that was by accident and so I
think the teams have a lot of work to do
doing real testing having the robots
fall down and get back up now it's more
stable we're reliable now can fall
safely stand up on its own and we did a
lot of rapid prototyping for testing
different things in particular we have
different type of hand we're testing the
hook set and the vectors to see which
one is more effective the structure is
much more stable the knee is must
strengthen so I can walk up steps and
handle rough terrain much more effective
the other thing we saw is that the teams
aren't going quite as fast as we had
hoped and so
I want to change the challenge just a
little bit to make it so that they're
incentivized to go faster and so right
now we're anticipating coalescing some
of the tasks to be together so that
there's not quite so many task to get
through even though the variety will
still be the same and we think that will
give the team's the incentive to go a
little bit faster through all of them
we've seen a number of teams
particularly from Korea and from Japan
really step up to the plate and work
very hard to make their systems a lot
better than they were before we changed
everything since a trial do everything
possible to in trials that we met very
many problems on the our robot so first
one is joint the joint capacity a joint
ability the more powerful now we keep
the AR cooling system the more powerful
hands and the later envision the head
system is a red new since the trials
we've mostly worked on improvements to
the software we have been working on
adding more autonomy to the system so
that the robot will be faster by doing
more things itself and so that it will
be more robust to restrictions on
communications we've now got stereo
vision laser radar and we've we've kind
of beefed up the visual system so almost
entirely new my expectation is that some
of the teams are going to do very well I
know that some of the teams will have
harder luck or for whatever reason won't
do as well but from what I've seen I
think we have some very very strong
teams
you